
Recharge Example
================

In this example the use of the ``TseriesRecharge class`` is explained.
This ``Tseries class`` is developed to calculate the recharge series
from the measured evaporation and precipitation series. Different
recharge models are available: Linear, Preferential, Percolation, and
Combination model. More information on these recharge models can be
found in [1]. In this examples the ``Linear()`` and the
``Preferential()`` recharge model are demonstrated.

Compiling recharge models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is highly recommended to compile the non-linear recharge models when
you consider to extensively use these models. Compiling the provided
c-file reduces computation time up to 35 times. For example, the
calibration of the preferential recharge model applied in this notebook
takes 15 seconds when compiled, and around 7 minutes when not compiled.
Instructions for compilation of the c-files are available.

References
~~~~~~~~~~

[1] R.A. Collenteur [2016] Non-linear time series analysis of deep
groundwater levels: Application to the Veluwe. MSc. thesis, TU Delft.
http://repository.tudelft.nl/view/ir/uuid:baf4fc8c-6311-407c-b01f-c80a96ecd584/

.. code:: python

    # First perform the necessary imports
    import pandas as pd
    import matplotlib.dates as md
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from gwtsa import *
    %matplotlib notebook

1. Importing the observed groundwater levels
--------------------------------------------

The groundwater levels used in this examples are from a well near
Apeldoorn, The Netherlands. The area is characterized by a thick
unsaturated zone of over 50 meters thick. The groundwater levels are
available from 1974-2010. Pandas ``read_csv`` function is used to load
the csv file. The measured groundwater levels are located in the column
names "Stand (cm t.o.v. NAP)" (NAP is the Dutch national reference
level). The final observed time series is stored as a Pandas ``Series``
object names ``oseries``.

.. code:: python

    # Import and check the observed groundwater time series
    parse = lambda x: md.datetime.datetime.strptime(x, '%d-%m-%Y')
    gwdata = pd.read_csv('B33A0113001_1.csv', index_col=2, skiprows=15,
                         usecols=[2, 5], parse_dates=True,
                         date_parser=parse)
    
    gwdata.rename(columns={'Stand (cm t.o.v. NAP)': 'h'}, inplace=True)
    gwdata.index.names = ['date']
    gwdata.h *= 0.01  # In meters
    oseries = gwdata.h
    plt.figure()
    oseries.plot()
    plt.show()



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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">


2. Importing the explaining stresses
------------------------------------

As explaining series evaporation and precipitation series are used. The
evporation is measured at De Bilt and the precipitation in Apeldoorn.
The two series are provided in a .txt file, which is again imported
using Pandas ``read_csv`` function. The data is stored as a Pandas
``Dataframe`` named ``data``.

.. code:: python

    data = pd.read_csv('KNMI_Apeldoorn.txt', skipinitialspace=True, skiprows=12,
                       delimiter=',', parse_dates=[0], index_col=['Date'], usecols=[
            1, 2, 3], names=['Date', 'P', 'E'])
    data = data['1960':]  # cut off everything before 1958
    data /= 10000.  # In meters
    plt.figure()
    data.P.plot()
    plt.show()



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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">


3. A linear recharge model
--------------------------

The first time series model that is developed is one with a linear
function for the recharge (:math:`R = P - f * E`). We use the
``TseriesRecharge`` class for this, and tell this class to use the
``Linear()`` recharge model.

.. code:: python

    # Create the time series model with preferential recharge model
    ml = Model(oseries)
    ts = TseriesRecharge([data.P, data.E], Gamma(), Linear(), name='recharge')
    ml.addtseries(ts)
    d = Constant(oseries.min())  # Using oseries.min() as initial value slightly
    # reduces computation time
    ml.addtseries(d)
    n = NoiseModel()
    ml.addnoisemodel(n)

4. A non-linear recharge model
------------------------------

The second model that is developed in this examples uses a preferential
flow model to calculate the recharge. Again, we use the
``TseriesRecharge`` class, and tell this class to use the
``Preferential()`` recharge model. See [1] for more information on this
recharge model.

.. code:: python

    # Create the time series model with linear recharge model
    ml1 = Model(oseries)
    ts1 = TseriesRecharge([data.P, data.E], Gamma(), Preferential(), name='recharge')
    ml1.addtseries(ts1)
    d1 = Constant(oseries.min())  # Using oseries.min() as initial value slightly
    # reduces computation time
    ml1.addtseries(d1)
    n1 = NoiseModel()
    ml1.addnoisemodel(n1)

5. Calibration the time series models
-------------------------------------

The next step is to calibrate the parameters of the model, by calling
the solve function on both models. (Solving the models (specifically the
preferential model) can take several minutes when the recharge models
are not compiled!)

.. code:: python

    print 'results of the linear recharge model'
    print '------------------------------------'
    ml.solve(tmin='1960', tmax='2004')
    print ""
    print 'results of the non-linear recharge model'
    print '----------------------------------------'
    ml1.solve(tmin='1960', tmax='2004')


.. parsed-literal::

    results of the linear recharge model
    ------------------------------------
    [[Fit Statistics]]
        # function evals   = 110
        # data points      = 1596
        # variables        = 6
        chi-square         = 15.653
        reduced chi-square = 0.010
        Akaike info crit   = -7362.873
        Bayesian info crit = -7330.621
    [[Variables]]
        recharge_A:    2860.02637 +/- 25.64274 (0.90%) (init= 500)
        recharge_n:    2.00515868 +/- 0.015000 (0.75%) (init= 1)
        recharge_a:    592.270315 +/- 9.304127 (1.57%) (init= 100)
        recharge_f:   -0.43169629 +/- 0.055682 (12.90%) (init=-1)
        constant_d:    22.4385740 +/- 0.209335 (0.93%) (init= 26.27)
        noise_alpha:   4917.50826 +/- 5.14e+04 (1046.24%) (init= 14)
    [[Correlations]] (unreported correlations are <  0.100)
        C(recharge_f, constant_d)    = -0.981 
        C(recharge_a, recharge_f)    = -0.652 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_f)    = -0.634 
        C(recharge_n, recharge_a)    = -0.610 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_a)    =  0.610 
        C(recharge_a, constant_d)    =  0.592 
        C(recharge_A, constant_d)    =  0.475 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_n)    = -0.187 
        C(recharge_A, noise_alpha)   =  0.117 
        C(recharge_f, noise_alpha)   = -0.102 
    
    results of the non-linear recharge model
    ----------------------------------------
    [[Fit Statistics]]
        # function evals   = 103
        # data points      = 1596
        # variables        = 6
        chi-square         = 16.908
        reduced chi-square = 0.011
        Akaike info crit   = -7239.780
        Bayesian info crit = -7207.528
    [[Variables]]
        recharge_A:       3867.97857 +/- 37.13823 (0.96%) (init= 500)
        recharge_n:       1.75149728 +/- 0.017345 (0.99%) (init= 1)
        recharge_a:       771.286986 +/- 12.50543 (1.62%) (init= 100)
        recharge_Srmax:   0.26 (fixed)
        recharge_Beta:    18.5018926 +/- 0.106691 (0.58%) (init= 3)
        recharge_Imax:    0.0015 (fixed)
        constant_d:       24.1927716 +/- 0.034763 (0.14%) (init= 26.27)
        noise_alpha:      2308.95098 +/- 1.48e+04 (641.79%) (init= 14)
    [[Correlations]] (unreported correlations are <  0.100)
        C(recharge_A, constant_d)    = -0.979 
        C(recharge_n, recharge_a)    = -0.833 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_Beta)  =  0.532 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_a)    =  0.445 
        C(recharge_a, constant_d)    = -0.426 
        C(recharge_Beta, constant_d)  = -0.384 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_n)    = -0.311 
        C(recharge_n, constant_d)    =  0.265 
        C(recharge_a, noise_alpha)   = -0.171 
        C(recharge_n, noise_alpha)   =  0.117 
        C(recharge_Beta, noise_alpha)  = -0.101 


6. Plotting the results
-----------------------

Great! We have solved both models and off course we want to view the
resulting simulated groundwater levels. Instead of calling the
``ml.plot()`` or ``ml.plot_results`` function to do so, we write some
simple code to show the groundwater levels in the same graph.

.. code:: python

    plt.figure()
    plt.plot(ml1.oseries, 'ko', markersize=2)
    plt.plot(ml.simulate())
    plt.plot(ml1.simulate())
    plt.legend(['observed', 'linear', 'preferential'], loc='best')
    plt.show()



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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">


Comparing the results using Statistics
--------------------------------------

GWTSA contains a built-in option to calculate statistics that can be
used to comparing model performances.

.. code:: python

    print 'Statistics for the linear recharge model:'
    print ''
    stats = Statistics(ml)
    stats.summary()
    print ''
    print 'Statistics for the preferential recharge model:'
    print ''
    stats1 = Statistics(ml1)
    stats1.summary()


.. parsed-literal::

    Statistics for the linear recharge model:
    
    Statistic:                        Value
    ------------------------------  -------
    Pearson R^2                      0.9539
    Root mean squared error          0.0999
    Bayesian Information Criterion  41.0927
    Average Deviation                0.0320
    Explained variance percentage   96.5351
    Akaike Information Criterion     5.2724
    
    Statistics for the preferential recharge model:
    
    Statistic:                        Value
    ------------------------------  -------
    Pearson R^2                      0.9630
    Root mean squared error          0.0915
    Bayesian Information Criterion  41.4475
    Average Deviation                0.0121
    Explained variance percentage   97.0061
    Akaike Information Criterion     5.6272

